# CS-330
CS-330 Journal

I approach designing software by attempting to get a good understanding of what the software must acheive as a final product, then working towards that functionality.  By working in this project I gained a good understanding of 3d model development and design, as well as a basic understanding of using OpenGL to create 3d scenes.  When working on this project I analyzed the scene I wanted to recreate with 3d models to consider what 3d shapes could be used to represent each object.  Some objects were complex and required multiple simple objects to recreate, such as the mug object that required me to create a cylinder and then attach a half torus to the side to represent the handle of the mug.  The knowledge and understanding I have gained from this project concerning OpenGL and 3d model development / design will benefit me greatly in the future as I plan to work on games and applications with 3d model implementation. 

Developing the 3d scene, much like most assignments I work on here at SNHU required iterative development.  As I gained more knowledge and understanding throughout the course, I was able to make incremental iterative progress towards completing the 3d scene.  During each milestone, I tried to learn as much as I could about the current topic, such as lighting or textures as that skill would be required to be applied multiple times to complete the scene in the final project.

I have worked with game engines before and implementing 2d and 3d models, but I did not have a good understanding of how a game engine like Unity, renders the models and applies physics to the objects.  After working on this project as well as the module eight assignment for this course, I have gained a greater understanding of how software like game engines render 3d and 2d objects and apply lighting, texture, and physics properties to them.  This knowledge and understanding will benefit me significantly as I work towards a career in software development.
